README.md, before:

# defaults-edit
A graphical user defaults editor for macOS.

## Features
- Easily browse and search available domains
- Browse defaults in any domain, including contents of arrays and dictionaries
- Filter visible keys within domains
- Add and edit defaults with any primitive property list type:
  - String
  - Boolean
  - Integer
  - Real (float)
  - Date
  - Hex data
- Optionally, view all the defaults currently effective in a domain, regardless of where they are set

### Screenshots
![Viewing a nested dictionary](Screenshots/1.png)
![Defaults effective in domain, with filtering](Screenshots/2.png)
![Adding a default](Screenshots/3.png)
![Available property list types](Screenshots/4.png)

## Todos
- Ability to add arrays and dictionaries
- Ability to edit contents of arrays and dictionaries
- Implement Rename, which moves value to new key
- Duplicate, which copies value to new key
- Relaunch button when editing app defaults
- Tweak the default window size
- Open new editor window upon relaunch (dock icon clicked with no open windows)

## Bugs
- `com.apple.finder`, `com.apple.dt.Xcode` and possibly a few more domains don’t load properly. It seems their databases are somehow too big for the `defaults export` command. Will look into it… sometime.
- If an add or edit is confirmed after changing the data type, the actual saved value is blank, rather than the displayed default. Most noticeable for “Boolean”. **Workaround**: To set a value to False, select True, then False again.
- Cannot tab into domain/default lists from filter bar
- Domain list filter bar placeholder text doesn’t currently show

Commit message:

Point to GitHub releases from README

README.md, after:

# defaults-edit
A graphical user defaults editor for macOS.

## Get it
View [releases on GitHub](https://github.com/ThatsJustCheesy/defaults-edit/releases). Each includes a zip file with a prebuilt binary. Simply drag it to /Applications to install.

## Features
- Easily browse and search available domains
- Browse defaults in any domain, including contents of arrays and dictionaries
- Filter visible keys within domains
- Add and edit defaults with any primitive property list type:
  - String
  - Boolean
  - Integer
  - Real (float)
  - Date
  - Hex data
- Optionally, view all the defaults currently effective in a domain, regardless of where they are set

### Screenshots
![Viewing a nested dictionary](Screenshots/1.png)
![Defaults effective in domain, with filtering](Screenshots/2.png)
![Adding a default](Screenshots/3.png)
![Available property list types](Screenshots/4.png)

## Todos
- Ability to add arrays and dictionaries
- Ability to edit contents of arrays and dictionaries
- Implement Rename, which moves value to new key
- Duplicate, which copies value to new key
- Relaunch button when editing app defaults
- Tweak the default window size
- Open new editor window upon relaunch (dock icon clicked with no open windows)

## Bugs
- `com.apple.finder`, `com.apple.dt.Xcode` and possibly a few more domains don’t load properly. It seems their databases are somehow too big for the `defaults export` command. Will look into it… sometime.
- If an add or edit is confirmed after changing the data type, the actual saved value is blank, rather than the displayed default. Most noticeable for “Boolean”. **Workaround**: To set a value to False, select True, then False again.
- Cannot tab into domain/default lists from filter bar
- Domain list filter bar placeholder text doesn’t currently show
